Updated notes (#3531)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/Prepare-IE11.md

Beginning on August 17, 2021, [Microsoft 365 apps and services will no longer support Internet Explorer 11](/lifecycle/announcements/internet-explorer-11-support-end-dates). While we know this change will be difficult for some customers, we believe that you'll get the most out of Microsoft 365 when using Microsoft Edge. To avoid disruptions, we’ve identified considerations and practices for admins as you transition off SharePoint features that rely on Internet Explorer 11.

> [!NOTE]

> > - Internet Explorer 11 and Edge IE compatibility mode are not supported in Team sites, OneDrive personal sites, or any other types of SharePoint content sites. Microsoft recommends exploring Microsoft Edge as the replacement for Internet Explorer 11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Internet Explorer 11 and Edge IE compatibility mode are not supported in Teams sites, OneDrive personal sites, or any other types of SharePoint content sites. We recommend exploring Microsoft Edge as the replacement for Internet Explorer 11.
```

- Non-persistent virtual desktop environments in which the sync client isn’t installed on each computer. For more information, read [use the sync app on virtual desktops](/onedrive/sync-vdi-support).
- Versions of Windows that don't support [Files On-Demand](https://support.microsoft.com/office/0e6860d3-d9f3-4971-b321-7092438fb38e). Files On-Demand requires Windows 10 Fall Creators Update (version 1709 or later) or Windows Server 2019. However, selective sync can be used as a workaround.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
